The Joe Rogan experience.
Been in some hairy situation on cliffs where storms rolled in blacked out and
just had to hunker down in like a cave. Right. And just wait it out.
But nothing, nothing horrible. Um, your kidney stone was bad,
but really like some of the things you'd think that would happen.
If I die back there, it's probably going to be from a bear and pregnant,
fall off a cliff. Like that's the one thing.
That I would, I would guess what happened. Yeah. That's how, uh,
Cam's buddy Roy died. Yeah. What's she hunt areas.
That's uh, that, that one, there is probably worse than any,
the chances of having a bury you is so slim,
but lightening and cliffs are probably the worst ones. Yeah.
Lightening is another scary one. Huh. But that's a normal experience out there.
There's lightning storms.
Yeah. Yeah.
And in that one area that soccer to Christos is a mountain range and it's, uh,
like scientifically worse there because of the heat from the ground and the cold
from above the lightning storms there.
When we go down there and just to photograph, what.
Do you do if you're in a lightning storm, do you get near trees?
Because if you get near trees, what if the trees get hit?
I'm going to give you horrible advice. I don't do. I just get my tent. And my.
So when there's a lightning storm,
you just lay in your tent and hope it doesn't hit you.
Oh wow. The reality of it is, is as they blow over,
you may be causing, and I'm not an expert at this. It's just, I have the,
if it's my time, it's my time.
So I just get in and I listened to an audio book and pretend it's not there.
And that, that is probably horrible advice. But the reality is my, my buddy. Um.
What audio book would you listen to when you're almost dying from a lightning
storm? The Crow killer, Jeremiah Johnson. Um, you getting serious mountain man.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'd listed that one helps me go to sleep. That dude, uh, voice, uh,
is what helps me go to sleep. So, but my buddy, um, what's that,
I don't know if I can say his name, he's on an OTA team. Him and his buddy,
this guys get hit with lightning in,
in a spot where we killed a bull and he texts me and he said something about
this reminded me of, I think he got hit with an RPG or something. And I'm like,
well, dude, are you good? Like,
that's a hell of a buildup to a story with no finish. Right?
He's got scars where the lightning came out of it's. Oh no,
it that's where it entered.
And then it blew the front of his or his buddy's shoe out. What's,
they hiked out.
Hit him in the back and blew his buddy's shoe off.
Cause they hit them both at the same time.
And so I would guess they were probably more trained than I was and whatever
they did didn't work so anymore.
Frank and I just hunker down and I listened to an audio book. Remi.
Warren got hit with lightning in high school if I remember correctly.
And I think he lost a sense of smell. No. Yeah. Something wacky like that.
I remember.
That movie with, uh, what was it that big? The big dude,
the actor where the guy gets hit lightening. He's like six times. And he's like,
oh, you've been hit with lightning six times.
He's like, no 66 times. You remember that, John candy. Yeah.
Yeah. The great outdoors.
Well, there's a guy that has been hit like a record number of times is one.
See if you find that there's one, dude, that for whatever reason,
they don't know. They don't, they don't understand it,
but he's been hit by lightning multiple times.
It's not because he's looking for it. Like he's, uh,
he's particularly attractive to lightning for some strange reason.
I think I'm particularly attracted how many times? Seven times. Good guy.
Ranger park ranger. Yeah. Come up man.
So Roy Cleveland Sullivan,
he died in 1983 United States park ranger in Shenandoah national park in
Virginia,
between 1942 and 1977 Sullivan was hit by lightning on seven different
occasions and survived all of them. I would,
I would go home and talk to my wife. See if she puts, that reminds me of that.
Saying I have, if it was raining, you get hit the head with a Dick.
That guy is bad. Yeah. That is.
Often times. It's crazy. That doesn't even make sense.
Yeah. I just, I don't, uh, I just don't worry about it though anymore.
We'll just say Jamie, this one.
Says 10 times tat OD.
And then the guys I'll show you 10 times put a metal hat on.
Yeah. I.
Think though you get desensitized to different things.
And lightening is definitely one where I just kind of hang out in a tent and.
It cooks see from the inside out, like being in a microwave, he says, man,
61 survives being struck by lightning 10 times,
Melvin Roberts made headlines in 2011 for being hit six times in one year,
wife said he's been struck another four times,
South Carolina man suffered memory loss, headaches, speech problems.
And as nerve damage in his hands and leg. Like I don't, I don't,
I'm so confused. I don't understand why it keeps hitting him.
Let me see what that guy looks like. No,
it looks like you guys have been hit by lightning 10 times.
Yeah, because usually it'll blow the, into your toes off. Really? Yeah.
It where it exits.
Little lightning strike is made up of several 100 million volts.
What the man?
Yeah. We've been on, uh, enlightening strikes where they hit trees close by.
It just blows them up into pit shrapnel. It's pretty wild.
How's it not kill people. Yeah. That's where it exited the toe.
Oh Jesus Christ nerve damage in his leg and foot as a result of the lightning
strikes.
Hmm. That might change your uh.
Because Roy Sullivan is the current world record holder and then he, uh,
he was hit seven times together. We're talking about,
he died in 1983 by his own hand. Oh no, that's not good. Yeah.
You gotta wonder like what's left after you've been hit seven times.
Like your must be scrambled.
I don't know man. But those are the things that'll probably get you, you know,
like talking about, you know,
bears is like the last thing I worry about light lightening. So it's a,
that's a real problem.
W w is there a way to get it to hit something else?
Like if you're in your tent, would it hit the 10 and not you?
Or would it just go right through the tent?
I think he'd go through the tent and I saw it hit an old growth tree once and
blow 180 foot tall tree into pieces. And I'm like, oh,
that did not look appealing. You know, it happened. Yeah.
And that's not uncommon either. Um, when you, when you, cause you get,
if you have service, you can see where it's going. Right. Like the,
the one that passed two years ago, I knew Frank was flocking.
Cause he was going by me,
literally 400 yards and I'm watching cloud to ground and I'm like, wow,
texting Frank. I'm like, dude, buckle your up. It's coming.
And it went right in front of me and over Frank and you know, Frank so funny,
he literally called me. He was like, I'm okay, sir.
And I'm like, how'd it go? He was like, that was not cool. And.
He had video of it striking, you know, all around him. But the thing,
like he said is where's he going to go? Cause he's just running into a storm.
Right. You're not going to outrun. What.
Do you do? What are you supposed to do? Are you supposed.
To go mostly getting into depression and hunker down.
Is what you're supposed to like some sort of a valley. Yeah.
I was reading through.
A Roy Sullivan's Wikipedia.
It says he got struck two other times once when he was a kid,
but it didn't hurt him. So he didn't claim it.
And then another time his wife got struck while he was helping her with the
clothes, but he didn't get hurt at that time either.
So I guess he didn't claim that time.
Well, is he a alien? Like why,
why would one guy get hit so many times read what.
It, why it says,
but like it does there's no reasoning why or anything like that.
Weird. Like what,
what about a person's biological makeup would be so different that lightening
would be attracted to them? I don't.
Know. He's got some serious static electricity. The thing is like with, um,
you know, the more you're out there, epic happens. Well,
I guess you might not consider it epic, but I mean the more he's a park ranger.
Right? That's what I mean. Like you're out there and then you, you know,
you think about how much time I'm out there. Crazy.
going to happen if you're in the woods a lot. I mean there's no.
Well the Wolverine, it's a one in a billion chance for that to happen. I mean,
that's literally, but the more you're out there it's going to happen.
[Inaudible].